Meeting Time: 2:00-3:15pm 11/13/2023

Type of meeting: Story Time

Team: Kirill Aristarkhov [x], Rishabh Poikayil [x], Andy Gonzalez [x], Leon Feng [x], Aviv Samet [x]

Scribed Discussion:
- MVP feedback was largely positive, but was mostly about our UI and the login flow as those were more thorroughly implemented by the deadline.
- Out of the suggestions about functionality, we picked out the following: inter-user chatting and ability to upload personal tracks and images.
- According to the feedback, we came up with the following additional user stories:

1. As a user, I would want to be able to upload my personal profile pictures and examples of (or links to) my tracks/performances.
   This is an important functionality that allows users personalize their pages and advertise themselves better with our app.
   Estimated work amout: Until Monday 20th. The story will be considered done when users are able to upload their own images and tracks so that other users can see updated info as well.

2. As a user, I can easily update my personal information so that my profile data is always up to date.
   This is important to keep users' pages fresh and accomodate their changing bios or instrument repertoire.
   Estimated work amount: Until Monday 20th. The story will be considered done when users are aple to update all fields of their login page, with the updates persisting between sessions, and visible by other users.

3. As a user, I would like to be able to follow other users and text them within the app. Also I would love to have a list of users I follow on one page.
   The chatting functionality (as well as saving interesting pages as follows) is imortant for the convenience of user collaboration and communication.
   Estimated work amount: Until Wednesday 22nd. The story will be considered done when users are able to follow others and see a list of those who they follow on a separate page. Additionally, users should be able to text others (and receive messages) with considerably low latency. Conversations should persist between user sessions.
   
